Users/aedler/operation mode patch (#177)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/general/operation-modes/configuration.md

# Configuration of the fiskaltrust.Middleware

#### Online Portal

All configuration settings, as well as the relevant extensions, are managed via the online fiskaltrust.Portal. For further information, refer to the appropriate appendix.

#### Queue

At least one Queue must be created for each POS-System. Dependent on local market regulations like in Austria and Germany, the queue represents the component of the cash register to be registered at the local tax authorities.

#### Journal

> A journal is an export of internal structured data of the receipts from the Queue(s). There are three types of journals: a protocol journal saving all requests, a journal which records all events happening in the queue (starts, stops, failures), and localized journals depending on the national laws. For more details please refer to the appropriate appendix. The format of a common journal export is JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A journal is an export of internal structured data of the receipts from the Queue(s). There are three types of journals: a protocol journal saving all requests, a journal which records all events happening in the queue (starts, stops, failures), and localized journals depending on the national laws. For more details please refer to the appropriate appendix.
```
Remark: The format of DSFinV-K is not .json.

#### Notifications

> The information for notifications is extracted from the processing protocol and stored internally in the action journal. Helipad retrieves this information and processes it in accordance with country specific law. Special events have a localized reporting requirement. In online mode, notifications can be uploaded, automated and transported further at fiskaltrust.SecurityMechanism. If in offline mode, notifications are transported via zero receipts within the signature block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information for notifications is extracted from the processing protocol and stored internally in the action journal. fiskaltrust.Portal retrieves this information and processes it in accordance with country specific law. Special events have a localized reporting requirement. In online mode, notifications can be uploaded, automated and transported further at fiskaltrust.SecurityMechanism. If in offline mode, notifications are transported via zero receipts within the signature block and can be printed on a receipt for further usage.
```
"Helipad" is not defined here.
